= X-Accel-Redirect

This Rails plugin allows users to take advantage of nginx's X-Accel-Redirect header, similar to X-Send-File.

==== Credits
This plugin was inspired in the x_send_file plugin, which was created before the option :x_sendfile dropped in Rails <i>send_file</i> method (supported since version 2.1).


== Install

You should install it as a plugin, running this command on your projects root directory:

     $ script/plugin install git://github.com/goncalossilva/X-Accel-Redirect.git

If everything goes correctly, your application is now ready to use the nginx's X-Accel-Redirect transparently.


== Usage

X-Accel-Redirect has an equivalent method to Rails <i>send_file</i>, called <b>x_accel_redirect</b>. Using is as easy as:

     x_accel_redirect "/path/to/file", :filename => "filename"

All <i>send_file</i> options are available using this method. Now you can even let your old <b>:x_sendfile</b> option since the plugin will discard it.


=== Overriding Rails default send_file

You can override Rails default method called <i>send_file</i> with <b>x_accel_redirect</b>.

Just add the following line to your environment.rb:

     XAccelRedirect::Plugin.replace_send_file!

And it's done. Now everytime you call <i>send_file</i> you'll be using <b>x_accel_redirect</b> instead.

You can still access the normal <i>send_file</i> even after specifying the on environment.rb, using the <i>send_file_without_x_accel_redirect</i> method.


== Notes

For further references, please refer to http://wiki.nginx.org/NginxXSendfile

